Yes, Mo Yan
Maybe I actually saw it in a book
Oh, Dr. Chow!
How can we do this?
I still have to farm to make money
I'm still looking for a wife.
I can't see that.
We need an ambulance
Go to a big hospital to see it?
Go to a big hospital
Ouch, I don't have that kind of money.
Ouch, hemiplegia, hemiplegia
Oh, you bunch!
Quack doctor, what about your wife?
Oops, it's getting late.
Dr. Zhou, I have a set of ancestral acupuncture
Why don't you let me try?
Really lad
How do you know if you don't try?
Maybe you can
And it's free.
Hey, is that what you said?
If anything happens, it's none of my business.
Is there a problem?
I hummed alone
I have a recording.
It still matters
Master Mo, you are lucky today, my apprentice?
Just will cure your disease
Are you going to suffer from other diseases?
He may not be able to cure it yet
Oops boy, hurry up and stick me with a needle
After the tie is done?
I still have to go to work
This stroke is hemiplegic.
If left untreated
It is estimated that Auntie will be like this in the future
It's hard to correct.